so as I always try to say at the
beginning of these types of videos where
I'm talking about you know people will
no longer being vegan you know I'm not
here to tell them to stop eating animal
products. I'm not here to tell them to
stop eating animal products. I'm not here
to tell them to stop eating animal products.
[Music] Look, I know that veganism
can be really hard for a lot of people
the problem is not with them no longer
being vegan; the problem, the problem is
not with them no longer being vegan. We're
supplementing with some organ meats some
eggs some sardines… ghee…ghee, yeah…
I'm not here to tell them to stop eating
animal products
The idea that this can be ethical is
just wrong. No matter how well the
animals were treated while they were
alive. The problem is not with them no
longer being vegan. A lot of young women
that want to have a baby… yeah… vegan pregnancy
have a vegan family …works for everybody and it
doesn't… necessarily… it doesn't!
The second thing is that I was watching this
live video with him and his wife like a
few years ago and someone in the chat
box said something about activism and
they both like looked at each other and
did this like cringy like inwards, like,
smile or smirk. And they were, like, no,
we're not activists. And I was
thinking like wow like maybe you're not
an animal rights activist but is there
literally nothing, that you have no
message that you stand for enough in
life that you would call yourself an
activist?  This is a good example of I
guess over the last couple years why
I've become more in favor of the idea
that if you are going to be pregnant and
vegan if you are going to feed a child
and be vegan you need counseling. The
vast majority of us need to go see an
R.D. (medical doctor). We need help doing this
because so many of us do not know what we're doing
and when you are inflicting that on a
child you know it's one thing to do it
to yourself which is awful enough but to
do it to another person is just it's
just terrible. And you think I would have
I don't know softened my stance on that
since like having a kid and being
pregnant because I haven't had any
problems being vegan doing that but I
think part of just being an adult is
realizing that other people have
different lifestyles and different
knowledge than you have and obviously we
are not the normal way that we live even
in terms of just like you know my work
and everything right and the knowledge
that both of us have is very different
from the average person even from the
average vegan I think would be really
dangerous for me to expect that every
parent is just fully capable of
feeding their child vegan. I'm not here
to tell them to stop eating animal
products. [Music]
Rather than telling you what I would say about Moon and Rock, I'll tell you what it is that I said to them.
Dude,
you pay people to kill animals so that
you can eat the pieces of their
chopped up bodies. You buy milk-butter
(ghee) that's produced by cows living
their whole lives on a concrete floor
under a steel shed in constant misery
until the day they die. I used to be a
Buddhist and I was both a scholar and
a preacher. I know what it is to be "holy"
(quote/unquote "holy") and I know what it is to be perceived as holy in a religious
context. It's easy to be holy. It's also
easy to be wrong. Guys, you can probably
guess I would have become vegan earlier
in life if I hadn't been a member of a
mass, organized religion, that to some
extent did valorize drinking cow milk,
that normalized it, that justified it,
that depicted the Buddha himself eating
cow-milk, curds and yogurt. Sure I know
that these people are trying in their
way to be religious leaders, or at least
religious followers, but it doesn't
really matter if you use religion as an
excuse for something. What you need to do
is examine why it is that you're making
excuses in the first place.